Update dotnet-grpc.md (#14935)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/dotnet-grpc.md

## Add references

`dotnet-grp` can be used to add Protobuf references as `<Protobuf />` items to the *.csproj* file:

```xml
<Protobuf Include="..\Proto\count.proto" GrpcServices="Server" Link="Protos\count.proto" />
```

The Protobuf references are used to generate the C# client and/or server assets. The `dotnet-grpc`tool can:

* Create a Protobuf reference from local files on disk.

> * Create a Protobuf reference from  a remote file specified by a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a Protobuf reference from a remote file specified by a URL.
```

* Ensure the correct gRPC package dependencies are added to the project.

For example, the `Grpc.AspNetCore` package is added to a web app. `Grpc.AspNetCore` contains gRPC server and client libraries and tooling support. Alternatively, the `Grpc.Net.Client`, `Grpc.Tools` and `Google.Protobuf` packages, which contain only the gRPC client libraries and tooling support, are added to a Console app.

### Add file

> The `add-file` command is used to add local files on disk as a Protobuf references. The file paths provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add-file` command is used to add local files on disk as Protobuf references. The file paths provided:
```

| Argument | Description |
|-|-|

> | files | The protobuf file references. These can be a path to glob for local protobuf files. |

Reviewer: I lifted these from the CLI help text directly. Is the recommendation to update the help text? @shirhatti what do you think?

#### Options

| Short option | Long option | Description |
|-|-|-|

> | -p | --project | The path to the project file to operate on. If a file is not specified, the command searchs the current directory for one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -p | --project | The path to the project file to operate on. If a file is not specified, the command searches the current directory for one.
```

|-|-|
| url | The URL to a remote protobuf file. |

#### Options

| Short option | Long option | Description |
|-|-|-|
| -o | --output | Specifies the download path for the remote protobuf file. This is a required option.
| -p | --project | The path to the project file to operate on. If a file is not specified, the command searches the current directory for one.
| -s | --services | The type of gRPC services that should be generated. If `Default` is specified, `Both` is used for Web projects and `Client` is used for non-Web projects. Accepted values are `Both`, `Client`, `Default`, `None`, `Server`.
| -i | --additional-import-dirs | Additional directories to be used when resolving imports for the protobuf files. This is a semicolon separated list of paths.
| | --access | The access modifier to use for the generated C# classes. Default value is `Public`. Accepted values are `Internal` and `Public`.

## Remove

The `remove` command is used to remove Protobuf references from the *.csproj* file. The command accepts path arguments and source URLs as arguments. The tool:

* Only removes the Protobuf reference.

> * The actual *.proto* file is not deleted, even if it was originally downloaded from a remote URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does not delete the *.proto* file, even if it was originally downloaded from a remote URL.
```
